hello everybody and welcome to a
minecraft tutorial this tutorial will be
on coordinates something that is
underrated or mostly not even known
about and this is very useful tool so
let's say I have this very nice outhouse
that has a great view so I want to build
a tunnel that goes right to this cube
right here right to the square but
instead of counting like each individual
block and going like this and go ahead
and Counting them because that takes a
lot of work going to your house which my
house is right here you can use
coordinates and coordinates are very
useful in that all you have to do is go
to the space where you want to dig up to
or any space for that matter
and press f3 and f3 will show the
coordinates on the upper left-hand
corner upper left 10 corner right okay
good
it'll show you XY and Z what we're gonna
be looking at today is only X and Z so
for this I mean 57 I'm writing it down
for this this shows you where you are in
space so you have to write these down
and then go back to your home so mine
were 536 and negative 57 so go back to
your house and you want to build a
tunnel that goes right towards that so
first you want to get 536 so I want to
go up from 516 to 536 so I just want to
go up from there okay
so now I'm at 5:36 so now in theory I
just have to dig this way until I get to
negative 57 so now that I'm at negative
57 I should just be able to dig up and
it should be right there I'm gonna have
to use a ladder look at that so I got
right up to my light up to my sorry what
is it I forget an outhouse right to my
own house with a great view just by
using coordinates so it's a great little
tool where you can sort of build tunnels
to houses and to your spawn point and
you can also mark places that maybe you
want to go and revisit and write it down
so you can go and see that place that
you found that one time that's very
useful and also for the Y that shows you
how many blocks you are above bedrock so
you can see how deep you are and
actually a fun tip is that at 15 above
bedrock is where most of the minerals
are like most of the diamond on the iron
ore so that's just a fun little thing so
this is very useful I use it a lot in my
houses I interconnect the houses and
tough with tunnels like these and it's
very useful to navigate when it's dark
out like this I'm unpeaceful and I do
have inventory edit on just for the sake
of the tutorial so it's very useful and
have fun with it
see ya